what's up guys and welcome to another
episode of the real work fifa ultimate
team a legend so if you guys have
enjoyed this series so far let me know
by leaving a like on this video there
will also be lads get ready for this is
going to be a transferred hybrid and is
also going to be a seven-minute scrub
builder so that's quite a lot of videos
for you guys to have today that's three
videos and I promise you that will
happen okay and yeah guys we're going to
move straight into this video if you
aren't approach to any fifa 14 coins
check out the future shop thinking at UK
that very fast reliable source to buy
coins from all the links for down in the
description below and you can get extra
probes and off using this account code
Jack 54 HD so apologies my eyes yeah
I've just woken up I do apologize you
won't be seeing me like this again and
put the first blade we're gonna be
talking about is that the man of the
match drogba in fifa 12 lads this guy
came out in packs and i don't actually
know why it actually it was when chelsea
won the Champions League I think correct
me if I'm wrong but I think it is for
Chelsea when the Champions League and
anyhow it for Cesc it was for still weak
foot and he had like 89 shooting and can
you believe it I got him in a pack I got
him in a pack and told him on for like
900 k and then the next day he was worth
1.5 million and yeah I've got really
pissed off to be fair but you know what
you can't complain selling a player for
nine hundred thousand coins you know you
just used can't complain and getting
drug / 89 rated man the match drug by an
orange card this is the first time that
ever brought our orange cards and FIFA
and I was like yo just got an orange
card so I was incredibly happy but this
guy was an absolute God just drug but in
general you know his car was fantastic
so yeah really really happy about
getting that so the next play we're
going to be moving on to is Latin
Ibrahimovic now as long as I can
remember in a fifa ultimate team it's
latin Ibrahimovic has been pretty much
the most amazing player you could ever
imagine playing with and he's always had
five star skill moves i believe so he's
always been a kind of player which you
know what is gonna be always quite
expensive but to be fair
I'm saying this now but to be found like
fifa I don't know what FIFA was it might
have been fifa 11 or fifa 12 it was
actually like an 8-5 record carding you
could use him with Alexandre Pato and
Robinho left forward and right forward
and it was insane like it was the best
thing you could ever imagine it was just
like Siri out back then was the most
amazing thing yet lavezzi you had Cavani
you know yet all these amazing players
now have moved off into different
leagues so yeah no it's cool it's very
cool to see you know that an obviously
paper Peter Street but I did like him in
this Milan chat quite a bit more and so
we're going to be moving on to the third
card then we have got dead a this guy is
sensational to start skill moves and
two-star week the 81 paste this was like
at the start of the pace hauling
centre-backs believe it or not and this
was in thief or 11 he also got an 82
right team the season card I can't shirt
now but you guys probably remember it
had like 85 pay so you can imagine how
good this guy was back in the day and
yet you would not no one would get past
them no one would get past you and you
could use you can make like a Brazilian
side of silver cards and gold players
and it would just be insane um yeah I
kind of begin today it was just such an
amazing team you'd partner him up with
man oh well as well and it was just I
don't know that was no way you were
getting past his player and obviously
you're you're clean sheets were were
piling up so moving on to the next card
we have got Lamela his silver card when
he played for AS Roma this guide for
some skin was forced or a week but he
was an absolute gem to play with and
especially when you had like a silver
serious side you could use him with else
wrong way and there are a lot of other
great players in there as well like
Coutinho that you can use him him when
he paid for inter milan and so you can
kind of start to get a feel of what kind
of players really you could be using and
i will put little screenshot on the
screen right now of an attack that I had
which was unreal just I paid money to
blow up again and but obviously the
servers are down now and
can't go ahead and play with it so a bit
disappointing but you know what this
flower was unreal and so moving on it to
the final player of this episode we have
got the 90 rated this was like an
upgraded card on fifa 10 and just look
at it 91 pace 90 shooting 88 dribbling
85 heading and 70 parsing I mean like if
you got that lasted that to be fair that
similar to like Sanchez's card is 86
rated Arsenal card for the Iron Man that
match to be fair couldn't get his skill
moves a weak foot because in FIFA that I
don't think that was such a thing I
think it was to do with like you're
dribbling how many skill moves you had
so um yeah I'm not too sure you know I
couldn't find a confirm were together
like full star five stone skill moves
off three star force star week but so I
apologize for that but I got this guy in
a pack and then silly me this was like
fifa 10 and i was loving my team you
know I spent loads of money on packs all
my pocket money so yeah it's just stupid
and if this was the start of whether EA
coin hack weebly.com you get a free pack
kind of shit came out obviously I went
on to the website got fooled fruit PSN
they said are yeah you were if you go to
this website put in your password an
email you'll be in Titus have one free
pack and I'd like property get a logo
yet local and that and I was like us
shit this is cool you know EA giving me
free pack for no fucking reason and then
wake up in the morning or wake up like
or just check my account in like two
hours fuck me the whole thing's gone but
rpa probably spend about 50 quid on
there from the cool lines and that's
they're making money isn't it so
absolutely fuming no compensation
whatsoever it's but with some guy on USA
who is in like some secret location for
ya and couldn't give me anything twat
bye-bye thanks watching lads if you
enjoyed the video don't be sure to leave
a like that the as the amazing and yeah
there'll be a transfer hybrid layer and
also similar school bit of folks
watching have a nice day hope you'll
enjoy the video subscribe to do neurons
here and peace